My medication is Celecoxib 200mg twice daily for arthritis pain.
My medication is Sotalol 80mg twice daily for arrhythmia.
Take Ursodeoxycholic acid 250mg three times daily for gallstones.
I need to take Gemfibrozil 600mg twice daily for high triglycerides.
My prescription is for Isosorbide Mononitrate 30mg once daily for angina.
My prescription is for Desmopressin 0.1mg twice daily for diabetes insipidus.
The doctor prescribed Benzonatate 200mg three times daily for cough.
Take Methylphenidate 10mg twice daily for ADHD.
Take Saxagliptin 5mg once daily for diabetes type 2.
The doctor advised me to take Lovastatin 20mg with dinner for high cholesterol.
My medication is Mirabegron 25mg once daily for overactive bladder.
I have to take Febuxostat 80mg once daily for hyperuricemia.
Take Finasteride 1mg once daily for hair loss.
My prescription is for Ezetimibe 10mg once daily for high cholesterol.
Take Clonidine 0.1mg twice daily for hypertension.
I have to take Cyclobenzaprine 10mg three times daily for muscle spasms.
I need to take Risedronate 35mg once weekly for osteoporosis.
I need to take Alfuzosin 10mg once daily after a meal for BPH.
My medication is Quinapril 10mg twice daily for hypertension.
I was advised to take Lithium 300mg three times daily for bipolar disorder.
I need to take Levetiracetam 500mg twice daily for seizures.
Take Dabigatran 150mg twice daily to prevent blood clots.
My medication is Oxcarbazepine 300mg twice daily for seizures.
The doctor prescribed Megestrol 40mg four times daily for appetite stimulation.
My prescription is for Olmesartan-Hydrochlorothiazide 20-12.5mg once daily for hypertension.
My medication is Liraglutide 1.2mg injection once daily for diabetes.
I was told to take Pentoxifylline 400mg three times daily for circulation.
I was advised to take Modafinil 200mg once daily in the morning for narcolepsy.
My doctor prescribed Fluoxetine 20mg every morning for depression.
Take Metronidazole 500mg three times daily for bacterial infection.
I need to take Tolterodine 2mg twice daily for overactive bladder.
Take Minocycline 100mg twice daily for acne.
I need to take Brinzolamide eye drops 1 drop in each eye three times daily for glaucoma.
I have to take Zonisamide 100mg twice daily for partial seizures.
I have to take Aripiprazole 10mg once daily for mood stabilization.
My prescription is for Levalbuterol inhaler 2 puffs every 4-6 hours for asthma.
The doctor advised me to take Sulfamethoxazole-Trimethoprim 800-160mg twice daily for UTI.
I have to use Budesonide-Formoterol inhaler 2 puffs twice daily for asthma.
Take Pantoprazole 40mg once daily before breakfast for stomach ulcers.
I need to use Sucralfate 1g four times daily for stomach ulcers.
I was told to take Efavirenz 600mg once daily at bedtime for HIV infection.
I have to take Propylthiouracil 50mg three times daily for hyperthyroidism.
I need to take Temazepam 15mg at bedtime for insomnia.
I was prescribed Baclofen 10mg three times daily for muscle spasticity.
I need to take Clindamycin 300mg four times daily for skin infection.
I need to take Perindopril 4mg once daily for hypertension.
Take Sitagliptin 100mg once daily for diabetes.
I need to take Tadalafil 5mg once daily for BPH.
Take Allopurinol 300mg once daily for kidney stones.
Take Doxepin 10mg at bedtime for insomnia.
I have to take Eletriptan 40mg as needed for migraine headaches.
Take Methylprednisolone 4mg dose pack as directed for inflammation.
My prescription is for Clozapine 50mg twice daily for schizophrenia.
My prescription is for Terbinafine 250mg once daily for fungal infection.
I was prescribed Vortioxetine 10mg once daily for depression.
Take Fosinopril 10mg once daily for hypertension.
Take Telmisartan 40mg once daily for hypertension.
The doctor prescribed Pioglitazone 30mg once daily for diabetes.
My medication is Ofloxacin 400mg twice daily for respiratory infection.
My medication is Phenytoin 100mg three times daily for seizure control.
My medication is Valsartan 160mg once daily for hypertension.
I have to take Doxazosin 4mg once daily at bedtime for enlarged prostate.
My medication is Theophylline 200mg twice daily for COPD.
My prescription is for Lansoprazole 30mg once daily before breakfast for GERD.
My prescription is for Ramelteon 8mg at bedtime for insomnia.
My prescription is for Nitrofurantoin 100mg four times daily for UTI.
The doctor advised me to take Thiazolidinedione 15mg once daily for diabetes.
I need to take Famotidine 20mg twice daily for acid reflux.
My medication is Dronedarone 400mg twice daily for atrial fibrillation.
Take Empagliflozin 10mg once daily for diabetes type 2.
I need to use Cyproheptadine 4mg four times daily for allergic reactions.
My prescription is for Penicillamine 250mg four times daily for Wilson's disease.
Take Calcitonin nasal spray 1 spray daily alternating nostrils for osteoporosis.
My medication is Memantine 10mg twice daily for Alzheimer's disease.
The doctor advised me to take Naltrexone 50mg once daily for alcohol dependence.
I need to take Trandolapril 2mg once daily for hypertension.
The doctor advised me to take Morphine 15mg every 4 hours as needed for pain.
I need to take Flecainide 100mg twice daily for atrial fibrillation.
The doctor prescribed Cabergoline 0.5mg twice weekly for high prolactin levels.
The doctor prescribed Hydroxyzine 25mg three times daily for anxiety and itching.
I have to use Lantus insulin 20 units at bedtime for diabetes.
Take Apixaban 5mg twice daily to prevent stroke.
I was prescribed Buspirone 15mg twice daily for anxiety.
I need to take Quetiapine 25mg at bedtime for insomnia.
I have to take Rosiglitazone 4mg twice daily for diabetes.
I have to take Ondansetron 4mg every 8 hours as needed for nausea.
The doctor advised me to take Ziprasidone 40mg twice daily with food for bipolar disorder.
Take Dimethyl fumarate 240mg twice daily for multiple sclerosis.
I was advised to take Ticagrelor 90mg twice daily after heart attack.
My prescription is for Lamotrigine 100mg twice daily for bipolar disorder.
Take Carvedilol 12.5mg twice daily for heart failure.
I have to take Timolol eye drops 1 drop in each eye twice daily for glaucoma.
I was prescribed Rifaximin 550mg three times daily for irritable bowel syndrome.
Take Olanzapine 5mg once daily at bedtime for bipolar disorder.
I was told to take Isoniazid 300mg once daily for tuberculosis prevention.
Take Valproic acid 250mg three times daily for seizures.
The doctor advised me to take Armodafinil 150mg once daily in the morning for shift work disorder.
I need to use Glycopyrrolate 1mg twice daily for excessive sweating.
I have to take Ramipril 5mg once daily for heart failure.
Take Budesonide inhaler 2 puffs twice daily for asthma.
Take Metaxalone 800mg three times daily for muscle spasms.
The doctor prescribed Primidone 250mg twice daily for essential tremor.
My medication is Methyldopa 250mg three times daily for pregnancy hypertension.
Take Valacyclovir 1g three times daily for herpes outbreak.
I was told to take Leflunomide 20mg once daily for rheumatoid arthritis.
I need to take Indomethacin 25mg three times daily for gout.
My prescription is for Solifenacin 5mg once daily for urinary frequency.
The doctor advised me to take Zolmitriptan 2.5mg as needed for migraines.
I was prescribed Paroxetine 20mg once daily in the morning for panic disorder.
Take Ribavirin 200mg twice daily for hepatitis C.
I need to take Cilostazol 100mg twice daily for peripheral artery disease.
I need to take Methotrexate 15mg once weekly for rheumatoid arthritis.
My medication is Sildenafil 50mg as needed for erectile dysfunction.
My prescription is for Voriconazole 200mg twice daily for fungal infection.
Take Dutasteride 0.5mg once daily for enlarged prostate.
Take Terazosin 1mg at bedtime for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
I have to take Terazosin 2mg at bedtime for hypertension.
I need to take Abacavir 300mg twice daily for HIV treatment.
Take Mirtazapine 15mg at bedtime for depression and sleep.
I was told to take Venlafaxine 75mg once daily with food for anxiety.
I was prescribed Repaglinide 1mg before meals for diabetes.
My prescription is for Felodipine 5mg once daily for hypertension.
I need to take Nifedipine 30mg once daily for high blood pressure.
I have to take Phentermine 37.5mg once daily before breakfast for weight loss.
I was advised to take Colchicine 0.6mg twice daily for acute gout.
My medication is Methocarbamol 750mg three times daily for muscle spasms.
My medication is Milrinone 50mg once daily for heart failure.
My prescription is for Atomoxetine 40mg once daily for attention deficit disorder.
I have to take Silodosin 8mg once daily for enlarged prostate.
I was advised to take Olmesartan 20mg once daily for high blood pressure.
The doctor advised me to take Diazepam 5mg three times daily for muscle spasms.
My prescription is for Oxycodone 5mg every 4-6 hours as needed for severe pain.
I was told to take Meclizine 25mg three times daily for vertigo.
The doctor advised me to take Ivabradine 5mg twice daily for heart failure.
My prescription is for Vancomycin 125mg four times daily for C. difficile infection.
I need to use Fluticasone nasal spray 1 spray in each nostril daily for allergies.
I need to take Entacapone 200mg with each levodopa dose for Parkinson's disease.
My medication is Albuterol-Ipratropium inhaler 2 puffs four times daily for COPD.
My medication is Hydromorphone 2mg every 4-6 hours as needed for severe pain.
Take Rifampin 600mg once daily for tuberculosis treatment.
I need to take Irbesartan 150mg once daily for hypertension.
I need to apply Mupirocin 2% ointment three times daily for skin infection.
I was advised to take Perphenazine 4mg three times daily for schizophrenia.
Take Ranolazine 500mg twice daily for chronic angina.
I was told to take Verapamil 120mg three times daily for hypertension.
I have to take Folic Acid 1mg once daily during pregnancy.
Take Naproxen 500mg twice daily for arthritis pain.
I was advised to take Desvenlafaxine 50mg once daily for depression.
My prescription is for Bromocriptine 2.5mg twice daily for hyperprolactinemia.
I have to take Guanfacine 1mg once daily at bedtime for ADHD.
I was prescribed Amitriptyline 25mg at bedtime for neuropathic pain.
I need to take Etodolac 400mg twice daily for osteoarthritis.
The doctor advised me to take Selegiline 5mg twice daily for Parkinson's disease.
The doctor advised me to take Simethicone 80mg after meals and at bedtime for gas.
Take Brimonidine eye drops 1 drop in each eye twice daily for glaucoma.
I need to take Anastrozole 1mg once daily for breast cancer.
Take Phenobarbital 30mg twice daily for seizure control.
Take Fexofenadine 180mg once daily for seasonal allergies.
Take Fluvoxamine 50mg twice daily for OCD.
I need to take Triamcinolone 4mg twice daily for severe asthma.
My prescription is for Midodrine 10mg three times daily for low blood pressure.
The doctor advised me to take Rivaroxaban 20mg once daily with food for DVT.
Take Donepezil 5mg once daily at bedtime for Alzheimer's disease.
I need to take Clomipramine 50mg at bedtime for OCD.
I need to use Salicylic acid 2% solution twice daily for warts.
